[Music]
I made it into Peking University so a
lot of you have actually been saying
that Peking University is the Harvard of
China and Xinhua is the MIT of China I
don't know about that one I agree
completely
well I'm here with Jessica and she's
going to show us around the campus and
we'll compare which is better Xinhua or
peachy let's go
[Music]
so as we promised we're gonna do a
comparison of peeking you versus Xinhua
University good yeah so how we're gonna
do this is I'm gonna list up some
characteristics and we'll just compare
the schools starting off with campus so
my first impression is the campus is
super beautiful it's like a giant park
it's now your it's not like you built
this school are you saying thank you
okay I think honesty seeking you is a
little bit better
yeah it's prettier but Chi Y is a little
bit bigger but class is so far away I
will give campus to peeking you think
one point one point for peeking you okay
next is the people I haven't met anyone
here but you study here and what are you
saying
I'm studying us at the school of new
media people are really outgoing other
than school work they all they have a
lot of like extracurriculars so they're
not just studying they're doing like
stuff outside of school too because a
lot of my classmates are from mainland
China so they're like really interested
in like knowing what kind of thoughts
you have those who are from like North
America or from elsewhere are the people
smart absolutely are there a lot of
international students I'm not in my
program but around the school there's a
lot of international students at Qing
how are your classmates from China or
they like from international well like
here's the thing like in my program and
most exchange programs they have English
classes which is mostly just other
exchange students which are
international but me personally I
understand Chinese so I take Chinese
classes so I have a lot of vocal friends
as well okay that's yeah they're willing
to talk to you they're welcoming they're
willing to help you but I feel like
they're a little bit slow to open up
emotionally like they don't have that
much time outside of class yeah
how's your Chinese rights it's not bad
yeah do you want to do a question in
Chinese sure the team wanna shoot our
house she paid ashitaba coccidia made
sugar damn would you the two mothers
should hunt you harder attention upon
Shore [ __ ] you're Drummond Ching hua
son I heard she had a ping work come on
she was when I heard Xinhua Swamy okay
come on quit all my mail so get you - MA
oh and the food at you why is super
cheaply you can have a meal for London
under ten UN so that's like two two
Canadian dollars yeah dorms Huzur adorn
my dorm is fantastic it's like an
apartment
really yeah is it big it's actually
really big I so I have my individual
room it's very nice
so you can choose you can either have a
single room which which like you
literally just have that one room or you
can share with someone or you can do
like a double and then yeah okay I think
the dorm ghost
you can watch the dorm tour I date here
but my dorm is actually really small
already my kitchen is the best because
there's a sink and there's a microwave
damn so we actually don't have a kitchen
we don't either
so yeah dorms I'll give that to you
maybe come visit someday
okay now let's give some serious topics
in here all right how are the classes
you so actually really like my
professors like they all have really
distinct teaching styles but it's a
little bit different from Canadian
schools I think maybe it's like it's
from masters to undergrad so it's it
depends on how you look at it how about
you honestly I don't think they're too
different I guess you apply more of what
you learned through their projects I
can't really score that will call that
even next is job opportunity I mean
you're literally at the Harvard or MIT
or whatever you had the best schools in
China in general we have pretty good
opportunities to find jobs so in
September there's a lot of companies who
come to our schools like for a good
month or two they do presentations it's
every day
we have a job fair at you want to other
than the job fairs there's a lot of
opportunities just by talking to people
I have a lot of friends who just have
internships or got full-time positions
just by chatting with the people on
campus these two schools have great
connections they have a good an online
network they have good reputation
lastly they have a lot of events that
you can go to to network and to find
jobs so both of them are pretty good for
job opportunities in China
what are some weird things about peeking
University recently we had a lot of like
spotlight on pecking University we had a
huge school size like super large event
where our principal had to like say some
stuff and unfortunately he read some
Chinese characters wrong and so it blew
up on social media and everyone was
complaining about having the principal
of the Harvard of China you know saying
like the wrong characters though so
basically like if you didn't say like
anything bad it just said the wrong word
everyone's just like shitty on here
exactly like because they're supposed to
be like the Harvard of China as you guys
say right and so that's a little bit
weird you know and for such a miniscule
thing exactly hello yes here's the
weirdest thing about Chinua University
what okay so we have this giant football
field it doesn't have lights at night
and it's fake grass so he's always try
and then here's the way you should know
about our dorms so we can't visit dorms
past 11 p.m. so where do couples go
couples just flood the soccer field and
they just sit on the grass I'm gonna
bring their own lamps
yeah and food and they just like it's
just like no they do a little bit more
than just chill out
oh they're like they're like Heike
cuddling and then Heike making nap so
you have a hundred couples there doing
that yeah like it depends on the night
like it was a good night like maybe
around like 50 people are on the field
yeah that's a weirdest thing about you
ah I would actually want to see that
that's very interesting you wanna see
that can your friends visit your dorm
after dark yeah anytime
oh yeah it's really free all right I
didn't know that that you guys had like
a curfew well it's not a curfew for us
he's just people can't visit past 11:00
I mean let me let me tell you of some
scores here campus one class even yeah
okay okay why people
he's pretty even food Chinua dorms
making university resources Chinua jobs
even even yeah do we do classes like
yeah okay
weird things we're a little bit weirded
but like but like that last one didn't
count like like you pretty much it's
like five five we got like even yeah
very much if you could choose again
would you go to choonhwa or peaking you
okay to be honest I do like the program
at Chinua but I really really like
pecking University as a school so I
don't know if I could choose again I
might still stay here yeah how are you
sir - ah okay stay there
honestly just take what you can get okay
that is it guys smash that subscribe
button hit it down below you know what
you do you know how it is
hey I think I have something in my
pocket what do you have
[Laughter]